CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
Temple Recommend Renewal Reminder. ("TRRR" for short.)

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
As I currently serve as a High-Councilor, during our recent meeting with the Stake presidency,
This was discussed as a concern that more that often, members do forget that 
their Temple recommend is close to expiring or had already expired without
notice. This is an issue, and since then, I have been thinking of a way to make
it easier for members to always be reminder, atleast, six(6) months to the expiry of their
Temple recommend or as setup in the App, but not later or lesser that 6 Months.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
I will learn Kivy GUI and adding that up with my Python code. 
I also would see how to implement this as a Mobile App because it has 
to come in handy to be effective and work as planned.

4. What Python modules will your program use?

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

    datetime, math, Kivy, and some other tools I cannot remember now.

5. List the names of functions you will need?

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

    main function
    reminder function
    set_date_and_time function
    And maybe some more...



6. List the names of the test functions you will write.

    
    test_reminder function
    test_set_date_and_time function
    And maybe some more...

